https://www.vermontcreamery.com/dense-chocolate-cake

Cake

1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1 3/4 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
Slightly rounded 1/4 teaspoon salt
8 ounces bittersweet chocolate (60% cacao), finely chopped
3/4 cup Cultured Butter, Unsalted
3 large eggs, lightly beaten
1 cup coffee
1 1/2 cups sugar
Chocolate Frosting

1/2 cup Cultured Butter, Unsalted, cubed
2/3 cup unsweetened chocolate, chopped
4 cups confectioners' sugar
1/2 cup half and half
2 teaspoons vanilla extract


	Cake

Preheat oven to 325°F with rack in middle. Line prepared cake pans with parchment then spray or prepare parchment. This cake tends to stick, and the added step of preparing the pans with a parchment lining is always worth the extra step.  
Whisk flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl.
Melt chocolate with butter in a 3-quart heavy saucepan over low heat, stirring. Remove from heat and whisk in eggs and coffee until smooth. Whisk into flour mixture, then whisk in sugar until smooth. Pour into prepared pans.
Bake until cake is just starting to pull away from side of pan and a wooden pick inserted into center comes out clean, about an hour and 10 minutes. 
Cool cake in pan 20 minutes. Run a sharp knife around the edges to release any sections of the cake still stuck to the pan. Gently tap cake to help release the bottom then invert to remove parchment paper and cool completely.
Once cake layers have cooled completely, make frosting (recipe below) and frost the cake. Top with fresh raspberries or strawberries for an extra garnish if so desired. 
Chocolate Frosting

In a small heavy saucepan, melt butter and chocolate over low heat, stirring almost constantly, until both are completely melted. Remove from the heat; cool for 5 minutes.
In a large bowl, beat the confectioners' sugar, half and half, and vanilla until smooth. Gradually beat in chocolate mixture until frosting is light and fluffy. Spread between layers and over top and sides of cake.
